# Initial Project Proposal Feedback: Group 6
Overall, your group has an interesting topic and a clear idea of both how you will divide the work and the timeline you will be working with. I would like to see more detail about each group member's strengths and skills and why they are suitable for their assigned roles. The ultimate goal of your project to analyze changing trends in children’s books is well outlined but a bit broad. 

#### A few things to consider: 
1. You did not provide a link or citation for the Historical Children’s Literature Collection, but you should make sure you can access it and that either the materials are digitized or there is some openly available data about the books with the information you are interested in. Alternatively, UIUC also has a children’s books collection: https://www.library.illinois.edu/s-collection/. 
2. It looks like the Children’s Stories Text Corpus you mentioned, if it is the same one I found, does not include any metadata about the books and only includes old public domain books available on Project Gutenberg. I would highly recommend spending more time finding the appropriate data for the goals of this project. 
3. You mention using ChatGPT in the Materials section but then do not incorporate it into any part of your labor division and timeline sections, so it is unclear how it will actually be used. 
4. If you want to analyze the full-text content of children’s books, this may severely limit the books you can include in this analysis. The book would need to be fully digitized and the OCR would need to be available, this is not likely to be the case for many modern books so you may be working with more historical data. (This is totally fine, just something to consider when building your dataset.) This is made even more difficult when you also require the illustrations and take into account the physicality of the book. 
5. In the future, please cite all datasets and papers that you reference. 
6. It is unclear to me what you mean when you say that you will be doing your own web scraping. What data are you collecting? 

Your data collection and analysis needs more structure, and you should think about what books it is feasible to do this type of experimentation with, but your research question and project has a lot of potential. Once you have more suitable data, you should focus on deciding at what stage you want to bring in large language models and in what capacity that will contribute to your goals. I would recommend deciding whether you want to work with text or images and focus on only one of those so that the project does not become overwhelming in scope. 
